# MMTFakeDataGenerator

The FakeDataLibrary generates periodically fake metrics (Activity, HRV, PPG, Workout, Sleep).

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

In build.gradle(Project), add maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' } in allproject :

```
allprojects {
    repositories {
        google()
        jcenter()
        maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
    }
}
```

In build.gradle(app), add in dependencies:

```
implementation 'com.android.XXX'
```


### Using the library

The FakeDataLibrary is based on a background service which is periodically called in order to generate fake metric data.
The period can be set in the FakeDataGenerationService.java:

```
public static final long PERIOD = 1 * 60 * 1000; // 1 minute
```
By default, the period is set to 1 minute.
Each minute, the service will be called, and new fake data will be added into the Realm database.

You also have the possibility to choose which metric will be enable (Activity/HRV/PPG/Workout) by setting them to true (metric enabled) in the FakeDataGenerationService.java:

```
private static final boolean ACTIVITY_ENABLED = true;
private static final boolean HRV_ENABLED      = true;
private static final boolean PPG_ENABLED      = false;
private static final boolean WORKOUT_ENABLED  = false;
```
By default, only Activity and HRV metric are enabled.

To start the service, please use this function:
```
startFakeDataService(Activity activity, Context context)
```

To stop this service, please use this function:
To start the service, please use this function:
```
stopFakeDataService(Activity activity, Context context)
```

If you want to erase all the fake data generated by the FakeDataLibrary, use this function:
```
eraseAllRealmDatabase();
```

Please note that the Sleep metric is not automatically generated by the FakeDataGeneratorService, since with a real watch, the app can't determine the value of the sleep state during the night.
After the wake-up, the app retrieve the full night and store it into the Realm database : this library emulate the same behavior.
To generate a fake sleep, please call this function:
```
generateFakeSleepData();
```
The generated sleep is always with the same pattern, and the end date is always the current date at 07:40:00
